Update clevertap-react-native.md (#5119)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/react-native/destination-plugins/clevertap-react-native.md

Run `pod install` after the installation to autolink the Clevertap SDK.

See [CleverTap React Native SDK](https://github.com/CleverTap/clevertap-react-native/blob/master/docs/install.md) for more details of this dependency.

> > note ""
> > CleverTap requires a number of additional configuration steps whcih must be done outside of the Semgent Clevertap Plugin. you can find these details [here](https://developer.clevertap.com/docs/react-native-quick-start-guide).
> > 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> info ""
> CleverTap requires a number of additional configuration steps which you must do outside of the Segment Clevertap Plugin. Learn more details in the [CleverTap React Native Quick Start Guide](https://developer.clevertap.com/docs/react-native-quick-start-guide){:target="_blank"}.
```
